Update happy eyeballs default timeout for RFC 8305 (#1038)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/762.misc.rst

> To make the default timeout in trio.open_tcp_stream .250 which is consistent with RFC 8305.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the default timeout in :func:`trio.open_tcp_stream` to 0.250 seconds, for consistency with RFC 8305.
```
